Being confined at home due to Covid-19 made me miss traveling.
I especially missed traveling in Asia, which I did last year with my friends.
I was reminded me of all the spectacular sights and amazing food I experienced there.
Despite being there for a month, we always managed to find something to do each day.
Some days were challenging and exciting,
While some days were relaxing and healing.
Looking back on my trip I can't help but wonder,
What new experiences I'll have when I go back after this pandemic.
Hopefully it'll be a place
Where I can return with my friends again,
And feel that things have finally returned back to normal.